There are 3 eggs in each box. How many eggs are in 2 boxes?
Each bottle cap costs $2.00. How much do 6 bottle caps cost?
Each child has 3 oranges. If there are 4 children, how many oranges are there in total?
Each banana costs $5.00. How much do 4 bananas cost?
Each ticket costs $9.00. How much do 4 tickets cost?
Each bottle cap costs $5.00. How much do 5 bottle caps cost?
Michelle has 7 boxes of crayons. Each box holds 5 crayons. How many crayons does Michelle have?
There are 8 marbles in each box. How many marbles are in 6 boxes?
Each child has 2 candies. If there are 9 children, how many candies are there in total?
Each child has 5 bottle caps. If there are 9 children, how many bottle caps are there in total?
Each child has 6 pencils. If there are 2 children, how many pencils are there in total?
Each child has 5 bottle caps. If there are 9 children, how many bottle caps are there in total?
Each ticket costs $9.00. How much do 4 tickets cost?
Stephanie went to the store 8 times last month. She buys 2 oranges each time she goes to the store. How many oranges did Stephanie buy last month?
Sarah has 7 boxes of apples. Each box holds 7 apples. How many apples does Sarah have?
Martin has 8 boxes of crayons. Each box holds 7 crayons. How many crayons does Martin have?
There are 9 bottle caps in each box. How many bottle caps are in 6 boxes?
Paula has 6 boxes of peanuts. Each box holds 4 peanuts. How many peanuts does Paula have?
Eric has 3 boxes of pencils. Each box holds 9 pencils. How many pencils does Eric have?
There are 6 marbles in each box. How many marbles are in 3 boxes?
Kimberly went to the store 3 times last month. She buys 7 peanuts each time she goes to the store. How many peanuts did Kimberly buy last month?
Ronald went to the store 2 times last month. He buys 10 bananas each time he goes to the store. How many bananas did Ronald buy last month?
Kathleen went to the store 5 times last month. She buys 5 bottle caps each time she goes to the store. How many bottle caps did Kathleen buy last month?
There are 4 crayons in each box. How many crayons are in 3 boxes?
Kimberly went to the store 3 times last month. She buys 7 peanuts each time she goes to the store. How many peanuts did Kimberly buy last month?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 14 students and 2 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Betty has 24 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 3 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 9 students and 3 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
There are 2 students in the class and 18 pencils. If the pencils are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
There are 9 students in the class and 81 tickets. If the tickets are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
There are 35 bottle caps in Beverly's bottle cap collection. If the bottle caps are organized into 7 groups, how big is each group?
Jeffrey wants to split a collection of bottle caps into groups of 2. Jeffrey has 12 bottle caps. How many groups will be created?
There are 9 students in the class and 81 tickets. If the tickets are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Peter has 3 candies stored in boxes. If there are 3 boxes, how many candies must go in each box?
There are 7 students in the class and 42 apples. If the apples are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Martha is inviting 4 friends to a party. She has 12 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Jesse has 21 bananas. If he shares them among 3 friends, how many bananas does each friend get?
There are 7 students in the class and 56 eggs. If the eggs are divided equally among the students, how many does each student get?
Elizabeth is inviting 5 friends to a party. She has 5 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
There are 72 cards in Jean's card collection. If the cards are organized into 9 groups, how big is each group?
Eric wants to split a collection of peanuts into groups of 8. Eric has 64 peanuts. How many groups will be created?
Henry wants to split a collection of crayons into groups of 6. Henry has 42 crayons. How many groups will be created?
Jack is inviting 4 friends to a party. He has 4 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
Harry is inviting 3 friends to a party. He has 12 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
There are 30 candies in Kathy's candy collection. If the candies are organized into 10 groups, how big is each group?
Deborah is inviting 10 friends to a party. She has 80 cookies. How many cookies will each friend get?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 28 students and 7 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
There are 36 bananas in Diane's banana collection. If the bananas are organized into 6 groups, how big is each group?
There are 36 bananas in Diane's banana collection. If the bananas are organized into 6 groups, how big is each group?
Louise has 42 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 7 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 45 students and 9 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Michael has 16 blocks stored in boxes. If there are 8 boxes, how many blocks must go in each box?
Albert has 35 oranges stored in boxes. If there are 7 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Lori has 30 marbles. If she shares them among 5 friends, how many marbles does each friend get?
Brenda wants to split a collection of erasers into groups of 90. Brenda has 270 erasers. How many groups will be created?
The school is planning a field trip. There are 180 students and 60 seats on each school bus. How many buses are needed to take the trip?
Bonnie has 10 tickets. If she shares them among 2 friends, how many tickets does each friend get?
Steven wants to split a collection of cards into groups of 6. Steven has 30 cards. How many groups will be created?
Eric has 9306 erasers. If he shares them among 99 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?
Diana has 3840 erasers. If she shares them among 48 friends, how many erasers does each friend get?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Ashley sold 12 boxes of Samoas. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Ashley need?
Sarah sold 24 boxes of Lemon Chalet Cremes. How many cases of 12 boxes, plus extra boxes does Sarah need?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Madison sold 24 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Madison pickup from the cookie mom?
If Karen sold 36 boxes of Tagalongs, how many cases of 12 boxes does Karen pickup from the cookie mom?
If Harold split 15 apples between 3 people in her class and kept the left overs, how many apples did each classmate get?
If Victor split 25 Skittles between 5 people in her class and kept the left overs, how many Skittles did each classmate get?
Jenny sold 24 boxes of Trefoils. How many cases of 8 boxes, plus extra boxes does Jenny need to deliver?
Gumballs come in packages of 5. Nathan ate 20 gumballs. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many gumballs does he have left?
Shirley sold 20 boxes of Do-Si-Dos. How many cases of 4 boxes, plus extra boxes does Shirley need to deliver?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
Lemon heads come in packages of 6. Louis ate 54 Lemon Heads. How many whole boxes did he eat and how many Lemon Heads does he have left?
George has 2 boxes of blocks. Each box holds 6 blocks and there are 5 boxes in a case. How many blocks does George have?
Maria has 3 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 7 eggs and there are 8 boxes in a case. How many eggs does Maria have?
Gloria has 9 boxes of tickets. Each box holds 5 tickets and there are 10 boxes in a case. How many tickets does Gloria have?
George has 5 boxes of eggs. Each box holds 3 eggs and there are 9 boxes in a case. How many eggs does George have?
Jacqueline has 4 boxes of erasers. Each box holds 10 erasers and there are 9 boxes in a case. How many erasers does Jacqueline have?
Marilyn has 40 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Daniel comes to help and brings 10 cookies to share with Marilyn. If there are 8 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Rose has 9 apples and 12 erasers. If she shares the apples among 3 friends, how many apples does each friend get?
Joshua has 40 Skittles and 6 eggs. If he shares the Skittles among 5 friends, how many Skittles does each friend get?
Ryan has 72 marbles and 17 blocks. If he shares the marbles among 9 friends, how many marbles does each friend get?
Ruby has 36 candies and 6 bananas. If she shares the candies among 9 friends, how many candies does each friend get?
Scott has 56 oranges that must be put away in boxes. Terry comes to help and brings 11 cookies to share with Scott. If there are 8 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Joyce has 40 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Fred comes to help and brings 18 cookies to share with Joyce. If there are 10 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Joe has 45 oranges that must be put away in boxes. Daniel comes to help and brings 16 cookies to share with Joe. If there are 9 boxes, how many oranges must go in each box?
Ernest has 45 bananas that must be put away in boxes. Julie comes to help and brings 3 cookies to share with Ernest. If there are 5 boxes, how many bananas must go in each box?
Virginia has 16 eggs and 8 Skittles. If she shares the eggs among 4 friends, how many eggs does each friend get?
Shawn has 13 blocks. Mildred has with 2 blocks. Mildred finds another 84. How many blocks does Mildred end with?
If Anne wandered for 3 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Anne go?
It took Amanda 3 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
If Stephanie ran for 3 hours at 5 miles per hour. How far did Stephanie go?
If Charles strolled 6 miles at 3 miles per hour, how long was Charles travelling?
It took Carl 5 hours to ride to Ralph's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Carl's house and Ralph's house?
Emily sprinted to Timothy's house. It is 10 miles from Emily's house to Timothy's house. It took Emily 2 hours to get there. How fast did Emily go?
If Norma wandered for 5 hours at 3 miles per hour. How far did Norma go?
If Charles strolled 6 miles at 3 miles per hour, how long was Charles travelling?
If Anne wandered for 3 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Anne go?
If Rose strolled for 4 hours at 2 miles per hour. How far did Rose go?
It took Amanda 2 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 4 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
Martin strolled to Lawrence's house. It is 12 miles from Martin's house to Lawrence's house. It took Martin 6 hours to get there. How fast did Martin go?
It took Amanda 5 hours to stroll to Kimberly's house at 2 miles per hour. How far is it between Amanda's house and Kimberly's house?
Martin strolled to Lawrence's house. It is 12 miles from Martin's house to Lawrence's house. It took Martin 6 hours to get there. How fast did Martin go?
Emily sprinted to Timothy's house. It is 10 miles from Emily's house to Timothy's house. It took Emily 2 hours to get there. How fast did Emily go?
Jose strolled to Jane's house. It is 24 miles from Jose's house to Jane's house. It took Jose 12 hours to get there. How fast did Jose go?
It took Katherine 3 hours to run to Louis's house at 8 miles per hour. How far is it between Katherine's house and Louis's house?
Patrick jogged to Aaron's house. It is 14 miles from Patrick's house to Aaron's house. It took Patrick 2 hours to get there. How fast did Patrick go?
Rachel strolled to Nicholas's house. It is 10 miles from Rachel's house to Nicholas's house. It took Rachel 5 hours to get there. How fast did Rachel go?
If Joan bicycled 25 miles at 5 miles per hour, how long was Joan travelling?
Mark sprinted 24 miles at 6 miles per hour. How long did Mark sprint?
If Benjamin strolled 14 miles at 2 miles per hour, how long was Benjamin travelling?
Mark sprinted 24 miles at 6 miles per hour. How long did Mark sprint?
If Joan bicycled 25 miles at 5 miles per hour, how long was Joan travelling?
Christine wandered 20 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christine wander?
Christine wandered 20 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christine wander?
James rode 80 miles at 16 miles per hour. How long did James ride?
Juan ran 80 miles at 10 miles per hour. How long did Juan run?
James rode 80 miles at 16 miles per hour. How long did James ride?
Lisa flew 256 miles at 32 miles per hour. How long did Lisa fly?
Lisa flew 256 miles at 32 miles per hour. How long did Lisa fly?
Christopher strolled 5 miles at 4 miles per hour. How long did Christopher stroll?
Jose wandered 4 kilometers at 2 kilometers per hour. How long did Jose wander?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Teresa jogged 25 kilometers at 5 kilometers per hour, how long was Teresa jogging?
If Benjamin skated 80 kilometers at 10 kilometers per hour, how long was Benjamin skating?
If Heather bicycled 40 kilometers at 8 kilometers per hour, how long was Heather bicycling?
If Benjamin skated 80 kilometers at 10 kilometers per hour, how long was Benjamin skating?
Jeremy strolled 20 kilometers at 2 kilometers per hour. How long did Jeremy stroll?
Jeremy strolled 20 kilometers at 2 kilometers per hour. How long did Jeremy stroll?
 A bee has 6 legs. How many legs do 2 bees have?
Mrs. Hilt reads 5 books a day. How many books does she read in 3 days?
 Mrs. Hilt saw 3 bugs eat 2 flowers each. How many flowers total did the bugs eat?
 Mrs. Hilt bought 2 pizzas. Each pizza had 8 slices. How many total slices of pizza did she have?
 Mrs. Hilt ate 5 apples every hour. How many apples had she eaten at the end of 3 hours?
  Mrs. Heine is buying Valentine’s Day treats for her 2 dogs. If she wants to buy them 3 heart biscuits each, how many biscuits does she need to  buy?
 Each CD rack holds 8 CDs. A shelf can hold 4 racks. How many total CDs can fit on the shelf?
A bee has 6 legs. How many legs do 8 bees have?
 Mrs. Hilt bought an ice cream cone for 99 cents. How much would 2 ice cream cones cost?
 Mrs. Hilt bought 6 hot dogs. Each hot dog cost 50 cents. How much money did she pay for all of the hot dogs?
 Mrs. Hilt has 50 cents. A pencil costs 5 cents. How many pencils can she buy with the money she has?
 Mrs. Hilt bought 3 pizzas for $8 each. What was the total amount she paid for the three pizzas?
 The Hawks scored 3 touchdowns worth 7 points each. How many points do they have?
  Kim has 4 cousins. She wants to give each cousin 5 pieces of gum. How much gum will she need?
 5 boats are in the lake. Each boat has 3 people. How many people are on boats in the lake?
There are 397 butterflies. Each butterfly has 12 black dots and 17 yellow dots. How many black dots are there in all?
 How many cookies would you have if you had 37 bags of cookies with 19 cookies in each bag?
 How much would 136 pieces of bubble gum cost if each piece costs 18 cents?
 For the fifth grade play, the chairs have been put into 27 rows with 16 chairs in each row. How many chairs have been put out for the play?
 The Ferris wheel in Paradise Park has 14 seats. Each seat can hold 6 people. How many people can ride the Ferris wheel at the same time?
 A garden has 52 rows and 15 columns of bean plans. How many plants are there in all?
 A sandbox is 312 centimeters long and 146 centimeters wide. How many square centimeters of ground does the sandbox cover?
 Sarah picked 45 apples. Her brother picked 9 apples. How many times as many apples did Sarah pick?
 There are 261 fishbowls. Each fishbowl has 23 fish. How many fish are there?
 We ordered 21 pizzas. Each pizza has 8 slices. How many slices of pizza are there altogether?
 Emily collected eggs from the hen and put them into 303 baskets. She put 28 eggs into each basket. How many eggs did Emily collect?
 There were 150 book shelves. Each book shelf had 15 books. How many books were on the shelves?
 There are 84 leaves. There are 139 ladybugs on each leaf. How many ladybugs are there in all?
 There are 37 baskets. There are 17 apples in each basket. How many apples are there in all?
 There are 544 pots. Each pot has 32 flowers in it. How many flowers are there in all?
 Your class is having a pizza party. You buy 5 pizzas. Each pizza has 4 slices. How many slices is that altogether?
 Beth has 4 packs of crayons. Each pack has 10 crayons in it. She also has 6 extra crayons. How many crayons does Beth have altogether?
 Ted has 15 candy bars. He wants to put them into 5 bags so there are the same number of candy bars in each bag. How many candy bars  should go in each bag?
 A candy store has 6 boxes of chocolates. Each box has 500 pieces. How many pieces are there altogether in the boxes?
 Martha bought 18 small cakes. She has 3 children. She would like to divide the cakes among her children so that each child gets the same  amount. How many cakes would each child get?
 Julian is writing a comic book. His story has 143 frames in all. If he wants to put exactly 11 frames on each page, how many pages would  he have?
 Jesse’s room is 12 feet long and 8 feet wide. How much carpet does she need to cover the whole floor?
 There are 5 people on the Green Bay High track team. If a relay race is 150 meters long, how far will each  team member have to run?
 It takes 4 feet of cotton to make a tee-shirt. How many tee-shirts can be made with 60 feet of material?
 Lukas averages 12 points per game in basketball. How many points would he score in 5 games?
 My car gets 20 miles per gallon. How many miles can I drive on 5 gallons of gas?
 It takes 7 minutes to bake one pan of cookies. How long will it take to bake 4 pans of cookies?
 My car gets 20 miles per gallon of gas. If Grandma’s house is 100 miles away, how many gallons of gas would it take to get to her house?
 Melissa scored 120 points in each game. How many points did she score in 10 games?
 Johnny practiced for the track team and ran 3 laps per minute. How many minutes did it take Johnny to run 10 laps?
 Our watermelons have 100 seeds each. If we have 4 watermelons, how many seeds should there be when all seeds are taken out of the  watermelons?
 Robin has 9 packages of gum. There are 15 pieces in each package. How many pieces of gum does Robin have?
 63 people are going to the zoo. There are 3 cars to take people to the zoo. How many will go in each car if the same number go in each car?
 I have 80 cents to buy candy. If each gumdrop costs 4 cents, how many gumdrops can I buy?
 Maggi had 3 packages of cupcakes. There are 4 cupcakes in each package. She ate 5 cupcakes. How many are left?
 58 children are taking a bus to the zoo. They sit 2 children in every seat. How many seats will the children need in all?
 Marlee has 12 guests coming to her Halloween party. Each table will hold 3 guests. How many tables will she need?
 Warren has 252 guests coming to his party. Each table will hold 4 guests. How many tables will he need?
 There are 10 stickers on a page. If you have 22 pages of stickers, how many stickers do you have?
 There are 96 cupcakes for 8 children to share. How much will each person get if they share the cupcakes equally?
 White t-shirts can be purchased in packages of 6. If Mom buys 71 packages, how many white t-shirts will she have?
 I have 648 pencils. If I put 4 pencils in each pencil box, how many pencil boxes will I fill?
 Uncle Dave bought 143 ice cream sandwiches. If he wants to give them to his 11 hungry nieces, how many can each niece get?
  Robin has 27 packages of gum. There are 18 pieces in each package. How many pieces of gum does Robin have?
If each ball costs $1.54, how much must Kyoko pay for 3 balls?
 Mr. Guzman bought 48 doughnuts packed equally into 4 boxes. How many doughnuts were in each box?
 The Sumata family took a 5-day vacation by car. Each day they drove 250 miles. How many total miles did they drive?
  Lisa rented 4 DVDs for $4.80. How much did each DVD cost to rent?
Third-grade students went to a concert in 8 buses. Each bus took 45 students. How many students went to the concert?
 There are 124 students making 3 stars each for the school wall. How many stars will they make all together?
 6 students were sitting at each table in the lunchroom. There are 34 tables. How many students were sitting in the lunchroom?
 Tyler had 15 dogs. Each dog had 5 puppies. How many puppies does Tyler now have?
 Jill invited 37 people to her birthday party. They each ate 8 pieces of pizza. How many pieces of pizza did they eat?
 Mrs. Hilt uses 2 ounces of detergent to wash a pound of clothes. How many ounces of soap will she use to wash 9 pounds of clothes?
 Mrs. Hilt needs to share $3.75 equally among 3 total people. How much money will each person get?
 Mrs. Hilt read 4 books. Each book had 17 chapters in it. How many chapters did Mrs. Hilt read?
 Mrs. Hilt saw 144 bees in the hive. The next day she saw 3 times that many. How many bees did she see on the second day?
 Mrs. Hilt measured the distance from her desk to the water fountain. It was 30 feet. How many feet will Mrs. Hilt walk on her trips to the  fountain if she goes to the water fountain 4 times today?
 Each bag contains 23 pounds of oranges. How many pounds of oranges are in 45 bags?
 Ellen went to a garage sale to buy chairs. Each chair cost 15 dollars.  How much money did Ellen spend for the 12 chairs she bought?
 Albert has two snakes. The garden snake is 10 inches long. The boa constrictor is 7 times longer than the garden snake. How long is the boa  constrictor?
 Albert’s cabbage patch has 12 rows of cabbage. In each row, there are 15 heads of cabbage. How many heads of cabbage does Albert have in  all?
 Marie can bike at a speed of 12 miles an hour. How far can she bike in 31 hours?
 Tammy drove 55 miles in one hour. At that rate, how far can she drive in 36 hours?
 It takes 4 apples to make 1 pie. How many apples does it take to make 504 pies?
 You have 24 cookies and want to share them equally with 6 people. How many cookies would each person get?
 You are reading a book with 120 pages. If you want to read the same number of pages each night, how many would you have to read each  night to finish in 10 days?
 A cereal box holds 18 cups of cereal. Each serving is 2 cups. How many servings are in the whole box?
 A box of books weighs 42 pounds. Each book weighs 3 pounds. How many books are there in the box?
 Sue’s mother made 75 cookies. She put the cookies in bags, with 3 cookies in each bag. How many bags could she fill up?
 Frank worked 8 hours on the first 4 days of the week. How many hours did he work in all?
 Sue’s family went on vacation. Her mom drove the car at 60 mph. They camped at a campground after traveling for 5 hours. How far was the  campground from their home?
 Brett drove 55 miles every hour. How many miles would he drive in 8 hours?
 A perfect score is 21 points. How many points would you have after 3 perfect games in a row?
 Brian’s car gets 20 miles per gallon. On his last trip, he used 3 gallons of gas. How many miles did he travel on his last trip?
 Bob’s car gets 10 kilometers per gallon. How far can he drive on 10 gallons of gas?
 Each cup contains 8 ounces. How many ounces are in 33 cups?
 A chocolate chip cookie recipe calls for 2 cups of chocolate chips. You want to make 23 recipes for a bake sale. How many cups of chocolate  chips will be needed to make all the cookie recipes?
 I have a pet golden retriever. Each year he gains 11 pounds. He is 8 years old. How many pounds does he weigh?
 Mary’s car gets 20 miles per gallon of gas. How far can she drive on 14 gallons of gas?
 I walked 2 miles in 1 hour for Relay for Life. If I maintained this pace for the 8 hours I walk, how many miles total will I walk?
 I walk 1 mile every 15 minutes. I walked 3 miles. How many minutes did it take me ?
 Lansing has 25 elementary schools. There are 247 students in each school. How many elementary students are there altogether in Lansing?
 256 students are going to the zoo. They have to be divided into groups so that each teacher has one group. There are 8 teachers. How many  students will be in each group?
 A fruit farm packs oranges in boxes that hold 10 each. One day it packs 2650 oranges. How many boxes did they use?
 You want to give your baseball cards to your 5 best friends. You have 455 baseball cards. How many would each get, if you share them  equally?
 Arthur baked 115 muffins. James baked 12 times as many. How many muffins did James bake?
 There are 14240 books in a library. They are arranged on shelves that hold 8 books each. How many shelves are in the library?
 219 people are going to the zoo, and there are 3 buses to take people. How many will go in each bus if the same number go in each one and  all of the people go to the zoo?
 I have 224 cents to buy candy. If each piece of bulk candy costs 8 cents, how many gumdrops can I buy?
  Cody is 14 years old. His grandmother is 6 times as old as he is. How old is Cody’s grandmother?
If the fans were seated in equal groups on 3 sets of bleachers, how many  fans were on each set?
One pencil weighs 28.3 grams. How much do 5 pencils weigh?
 Andrew spent 3 day working on his Science report. He worked for 2.5 hours each day. How many hours did he work?